remove pretrained aligns and update readme accordingly. (#633)
NVIDIA/DeepLearningExamples: CUDA-Optimized/FastSpeech/README.md

   python fastspeech/dataset/ljspeech_dataset.py --dataset_path="./LJSpeech-1.1" --mels_path="./mels_ljspeech1.1"
   ```

   The preprocessed mel-spectrograms are stored in the ./mels_ljspeech1.1 directory. 

>    Next, preprocess the alignments on LJSpeech dataset with feed-forwards to the teacher model. Download the Nvidia [pretrained Tacotron2 checkpoint](https://drive.google.com/file/d/1c5ZTuT7J08wLUoVZ2KkUs_VdZuJ86ZqA/view) to get a pretrained teacher model. And set --tacotron2_path to the Tacotron2 checkpoint file path and the result alignments are stored in --aligns_path.

Reviewer: Next, calculate alignments on the LJSpeech dataset using a pre-trained [NVIDIA Tacotron2 checkpoint](https://drive.google.com/file/d/1c5ZTuT7J08wLUoVZ2KkUs_VdZuJ86ZqA/view). The output directory is specified with `--aligns_path`.

>    Next, preprocess the alignments on LJSpeech dataset with feed-forwards to the teacher model. Download the Nvidia [pretrained Tacotron2 checkpoint](https://drive.google.com/file/d/1c5ZTuT7J08wLUoVZ2KkUs_VdZuJ86ZqA/view) to get a pretrained teacher model. And set --tacotron2_path to the Tacotron2 checkpoint file path and the result alignments are stored in --aligns_path.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Next, calculate alignments on the LJSpeech dataset using a pre-trained [NVIDIA Tacotron2 checkpoint](https://drive.google.com/file/d/1c5ZTuT7J08wLUoVZ2KkUs_VdZuJ86ZqA/view). The output directory is specified with `--aligns_path`.
```
